Documents operator mode (#21)
banzaicloud/one-eye-docs: docs/cli/login.md

---
title: Log in to One Eye
shorttitle: Log in to One Eye
weight: 20
---

> To access One Eye, set your KUBECONFIG file to the cluster where the One Eye control plane is running, then run the following command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To access One Eye, set your `KUBECONFIG` environment variable to the configuration file where the One Eye control plane is running, then run the following command.
```

The following command installs an `nginx` ingress and the [One Eye](/products/one-eye/) UI. This ingress is exposed to localhost by default, but you can connect to it via One Eye.

```bash
$ one-eye ingress install --update
```

## Next steps

Once you have logged in, you can use other One Eye [commands](../reference/), or use One Eye in [reconciler or operator mode]({{< relref "/docs/one-eye/modes-of-operation/_index.md" >}}).

> To access the One Eye web interface, run the `one-eye ingress connect` command.

Reviewer 2: One-eye does not have a login mechanism just yet, it's only capable of installing an ingress and connecting to it:

```
one-eye ingress install --update
one-eye ingress connect
```
